## Terms of Use
Updated as of April 26, 2023

### 1.    Contractual Relationship

These Terms of Use ("_Terms_") govern your access or use, from within the United States and its territories and possessions, of the multi-sided digital marketplace platform (“_Platform_”) and any related content or services (collectively, the “_Services_,” as more fully defined below in Section 3) made available in the United States and its territories and possessions by Meters Per Second, Inc. dba Clinic and its subsidiaries, representatives, affiliates, officers and directors (collectively, "_Clinic_"). PLEASE READ THESE TERMS CAREFULLY, AS THEY CONSTITUTE A LEGAL AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU AND CLINIC. In these Terms, the words "_including_" and "_include_" mean "_including, but not limited to._"

By accessing or using the Services, you confirm your agreement to be bound by these Terms. If you do not agree to these Terms, you may not access or use the Services. These Terms expressly supersede prior agreements or arrangements with you regarding the use of the Services.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, these Terms do not supersede or otherwise impact the enforceability of any agreements you may have with Clinic or its subsidiaries regarding Telemedicine Services (e.g., the Platform Access Agreement and/or any similar agreements). To the extent (but only to the extent) any agreement you may have with Clinic regarding Telemedicine Services conflicts with these Terms, those agreements (and not these Terms) will prevail.

Clinic may immediately terminate these Terms or any Services with respect to you, or generally cease offering or deny access to the Services or any portion thereof, at any time for any reason.

IMPORTANT: PLEASE BE ADVISED THAT THIS AGREEMENT CONTAINS PROVISIONS THAT GOVERN HOW CLAIMS BETWEEN YOU AND CLINIC CAN BE BROUGHT, INCLUDING THE ARBITRATION AGREEMENT (SEE SECTION 2 BELOW). PLEASE REVIEW THE ARBITRATION AGREEMENT BELOW CAREFULLY, AS IT REQUIRES YOU TO RESOLVE ALL DISPUTES WITH CLINIC ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND, WITH LIMITED EXCEPTIONS, THROUGH FINAL AND BINDING ARBITRATION (AS DESCRIBED IN SECTION 2 BELOW). BY ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT, YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ AND UNDERSTAND ALL OF THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT AND HAVE TAKEN TIME TO CONSIDER THE CONSEQUENCES OF THIS IMPORTANT DECISION.

Supplemental terms may apply to certain options or offers available through the Services, such as event, program, activity, or promotion. Such supplemental terms will be disclosed to you in connection with the applicable option or offer. Supplemental terms are in addition to, and shall be deemed a part of, the Terms for the purposes of the applicable option or offer. Supplemental terms shall prevail over these Terms in the event of a conflict with respect to the applicable option or offer.

Clinic may make changes to these Terms from time to time. Unless Clinic says otherwise in its notice, the amended Terms will be effective immediately and your continued access to and use of the Services after Clinic provides such notice will confirm your acceptance of the changes. If you do not agree to the amended Terms, you must stop accessing and using the Services.

Clinic’s collection and use of personal information in connection with the Services is described in Clinic's Privacy Policy.

### 2.    Arbitration Agreement

 **2.1.    Introduction.** By agreeing to the Terms, you agree that you are required to resolve any claim that you may have against Clinic on an individual basis in arbitration as set forth in this Arbitration Agreement. This will preclude you from bringing any class, collective, or representative action against Clinic, and also preclude you from participating in or recovering relief under any current or future class, collective, consolidated, or representative action brought against Clinic by someone else. For the avoidance of doubt, this precludes you from bringing or participating in any kind of any class, collective, coordinated, consolidated, representative or other kind of group, multi-plaintiff or joint action against Clinic.

**2.2.    Agreement to Binding Arbitration Between You and Clinic.** Except as expressly provided below in Section 2.4, you and Clinic agree that any dispute, claim or controversy in any way arising out of or relating to (i) this Medical Service Agreement and prior versions of this Medical Service Agreement, or the existence, breach, termination, enforcement, interpretation, scope, waiver, or validity thereof, (ii) your access to or use of the Services at any time, (iii) incidents or accidents resulting in personal injury that you allege occurred in connection with your use of the Services, whether the dispute, claim or controversy occurred or accrued before or after the date you agreed to the Terms, or (iv) your relationship with Clinic, will be settled by binding arbitration between you and Clinic, and not in a court of law. This Agreement survives after your relationship with Clinic ends.

You acknowledge and agree that you and Clinic are each waiving the right to a trial by jury or to bring or to participate as a plaintiff or class member in any class, purported class, collective, coordinated, consolidated, or representative proceeding.

This Arbitration Agreement shall be binding upon, and shall include any claims brought by or against any third-parties, including but not limited to your spouses, heirs, third-party beneficiaries and assigns, where their underlying claims are in relation to your use of the Services. To the extent that any third-party beneficiary to this agreement brings claims against the Parties; those claims shall also be subject to this Arbitration Agreement.

**2.3.    Exceptions to Arbitration.** Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Arbitration Agreement shall not require arbitration of the following claims: (i) individual claims brought in small claims court so long as the matter remains in such court and advances only on an individual (non-class, non-representative) basis; (ii) individual claims of sexual assault or sexual harassment occurring in connection with your use of the Services; and/or (iii) injunctive or other equitable relief in a court of competent jurisdiction to prevent the actual or threatened infringement, misappropriation or violation of a party's copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, patents or other intellectual property rights.

Such claims may be brought and litigated in a court of competent jurisdiction by you on an individual basis only. On an individual basis means that you cannot bring such claims as a class, coordinated, consolidated, collective, or representative action against Clinic. For the avoidance of doubt, this precludes you from bringing claims as or participating in any kind of any class, collective, coordinated, consolidated, representative or other kind of group, multi-plaintiff or joint action against Clinic and no action brought by you may be consolidated or joined in any fashion with any other proceeding. Where your claims are brought and litigated to completion on such an individual basis in a court of competent jurisdiction, Clinic agrees to honor your election.

The parties’ agreement not to require arbitration in these limited instances does not waive the enforceability of this Arbitration Agreement as to any other provision (including, but not limited to, the waivers provided for in Section 4.3, which will continue to apply in court as well as in arbitration), or the enforceability of this Agreement as to any other controversy, claim or dispute.

**2.4.    Rules and Governing Law.** The arbitration will be administered by the American Arbitration Association ("AAA") in accordance with the AAA’s Consumer Arbitration Rules (the "AAA Rules") then in effect, except as modified by this Arbitration Agreement. The AAA Rules are available at www.adr.org or by calling the AAA at 1-800-778-7879.

The parties agree that the arbitrator ("Arbitrator"), and not any federal, state, or local court or agency, shall have exclusive authority to resolve any disputes relating to the interpretation, applicability, enforceability or formation of this Arbitration Agreement, including any claim that all or any part of this Arbitration Agreement is void or voidable. The Arbitrator shall also be responsible for determining all threshold arbitrability issues, including issues relating to whether the Medical Service Agreement is applicable, unconscionable or illusory and any defense to arbitration, including waiver, delay, laches, or estoppel. If there is a dispute about whether this Arbitration Agreement can be enforced or applies to a dispute, you and Clinic agree that the arbitrator will decide that issue.

Notwithstanding any choice of law or other provision in the Medical Service Agreement, the parties agree and acknowledge that this Arbitration Agreement evidences a transaction involving interstate commerce and that the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. § 1 et seq. ("FAA"), will govern its interpretation and enforcement and proceedings pursuant thereto. It is the intent of the parties to be bound by the provisions of the FAA for all purposes, including, but not limited to, interpretation, implementation, enforcement, and administration of this Arbitration Agreement, and that the FAA and AAA Rules shall preempt all state laws to the fullest extent permitted by law. If the FAA and AAA Rules are found to not apply to any issue regarding the interpretation or enforcement of this Arbitration Agreement, then that issue shall be resolved under the laws of the state where you reside when you accept this Medical Service Agreement.

Any dispute, claim, or controversy arising out of or relating to incidents or accidents resulting in personal injury (including but not limited to sexual assault or harassment claims) that you allege occurred in connection with your use of the Services, whether before or after the date you agreed to the Medical Service Agreement, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state in which the incident or accident occurred.

**2.5.    Process.**

&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;2.5.1.    Pre-Arbitration Dispute Resolution and Notification. Prior to initiating an arbitration, you and Clinic each agree to notify the other party in writing of any dispute and to attempt to negotiate an informal resolution. Notice of the dispute must include the party’s name, preferred contact information, a brief description of the dispute, and the relief sought. Notices to Clinic must be sent to the Meters Per Second Inc, ATTN Legal Department, 276 Fifth AVE STE 704, New York, NY 10001. Neither party shall initiate arbitration until 30 days after the notice is sent. Engaging in this pre-arbitration dispute resolution and notification process is a requirement that must be fulfilled before commencing arbitration. The statute of limitations and any filing fee deadlines shall be tolled while the parties engage in the informal resolution process required by this paragraph.

&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;2.5.2.    Initiating Arbitration. In order to initiate arbitration, a party must provide the other party with a written Demand for Arbitration and file the Demand with AAA as specified in the AAA Rules. (The AAA provides a form Demand for Arbitration - Consumer Arbitration Rules at www.adr.org or by calling the AAA at 1-800-778-7879). A party initiating an arbitration against Clinic must send the written Demand for Arbitration to the Meters Per Second Inc, ATTN Legal Department, 276 Fifth AVE STE 704, New York, NY 10001. The Arbitrator will be either (1) a retired judge or (2) an attorney licensed to practice law in the state where the arbitration is conducted. The Arbitrator will be selected by the parties from the AAA's National Roster of Arbitrators. If the parties are unable to agree upon an Arbitrator after a good faith meet and confer effort, then the AAA will appoint the Arbitrator in accordance with the AAA Rules.

**2.6.    Location and Procedure.** Unless you and Clinic otherwise agree, the arbitration will be conducted in the county where you reside. If your claim does not exceed $10,000, then the arbitration will be conducted solely on the basis of documents you and Clinic submit to the Arbitrator, unless you request a hearing or the Arbitrator determines that a hearing is necessary. If your claim exceeds $10,000, your right to a hearing will be determined by the AAA Rules. Subject to the AAA Rules, the Arbitrator will have the discretion to direct a reasonable exchange of information by the parties, consistent with the expedited nature of the arbitration.

**2.7.    Arbitrator's Decision.** The Arbitrator will render an award within the time frame specified in the AAA Rules. Judgment on the arbitration award may be entered in any court having competent jurisdiction to do so. The Arbitrator may award declaratory or injunctive relief only in favor of the claimant and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by the claimant's individual claim. An Arbitrator’s decision shall be final and binding on all parties. An Arbitrator’s decision and judgment thereon shall have no precedential or collateral estoppel effect. If you prevail in arbitration you may seek an award of attorneys' fees and expenses to the extent permitted under applicable law. The Clinic will not seek, and hereby waives all rights Clinic may have under applicable law to recover attorneys' fees and expenses if Clinic prevails in arbitration.

**2.8.    Fees.** Your responsibility to pay any AAA filing, administrative and arbitrator fees will be solely as set forth in the AAA Rules.

**2.9.    Severability and Survival.** If any portion of this Arbitration Agreement is found to be unenforceable or unlawful for any reason, (1) the unenforceable or unlawful provision shall be severed from this Medical Service Agreement; (2) severance of the unenforceable or unlawful provision shall have no impact whatsoever on the remainder of the Arbitration Agreement or the parties’ ability to compel arbitration of any remaining claims on an individual basis pursuant to the Arbitration Agreement; and (3) to the extent that any claims must therefore proceed on a class, collective, consolidated, or representative basis, such claims must be litigated in a civil court of competent jurisdiction and not in arbitration, and the parties agree that litigation of those claims shall be stayed pending the outcome of any individual claims in arbitration.

**2.10.    Right To Opt Out Of The Arbitration Provision.** You may opt out of the Arbitration Provision contained in this Section 14 by notifying Clinic in writing within 30 days of the date you first registered for the Site. To opt out, you must send a written notification to admin@mps.health in the following format; “I, a prospective or current patient, hereby opt-out of the arbitration agreement for the Clinic platform to the fullest possible extent. My name is [full name], the email address associated with my account is [email address] and I reside in [primary address]”. All correspondence should use this format and be emailed within 30 days of accepting this Agreement. Opting out of this Arbitration Provision will not affect any other terms of this Agreement nor will it affect any other agreements between you and Clinic or you and Clinic.

If you do not opt out as provided in this Section 2.10, continuing your relationship with Clinic constitutes mutual acceptance of the terms of this Arbitration Provision by you and Clinic. You have the right to consult with counsel of your choice concerning this Agreement and the Arbitration Provision.

### 3.   The Marketplace Platform & Services

Clinic operates a multi-sided digital marketplace platform that is offered in a number of forms, including web based applications (“_Applications_”). Among other things, the Clinic Marketplace Platform enables you to receive: (i) services rendered by Clinic that facilitate your connection to independent third party providers, including physicians, medical practices, and pharmacies (“_Third Party Providers_”), for the requisition of services or goods, such as consultations, patient monitoring, prescriptions and medications from those Third Party Providers; and (ii) any related content or services, including payment processing and customer support. The Clinic Marketplace Platform and the Clinic content or services described in this Section are collectively referred to as “the Services''. Unless otherwise agreed by Clinic in a separate written agreement with you, the Services are made available solely for your personal, noncommercial use.

YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOUR ABILITY TO OBTAIN MEDICAL SERVICES FROM THIRD PARTY PROVIDERS THROUGH THE USE OF THE CLINIC MARKETPLACE PLATFORM AND SERVICES DOES NOT ESTABLISH CLINIC AS A PROVIDER OF MEDICAL, PHARMACY OR ANY HEALTH RELATED SERVICES. CLINIC IS NOT A MEDICAL PRACTICE, DOES NOT PROVIDE PROFESSIONAL MEDICAL SERVICES, AND USE OF THE CLINIC MARKETPLACE PLATFORM IS ONLY OPEN TO REGISTERED USERS OF THE CLINIC MARKETPLACE PLATFORM AND NOT TO THE GENERAL PUBLIC.
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT INDEPENDENT THIRD PARTY PROVIDERS, INCLUDING PHYSICIANS AND ASSOCIATED HEALTH SERVICE PROVIDERS ARE NOT ACTUAL AGENTS, APPARENT AGENTS, OSTENSIBLE AGENTS, OR EMPLOYEES OF CLINIC IN ANY WAY.

YOU ALSO ACKNOWLEDGE THAT ANY SAFETY RELATED EFFORT, FEATURE, PROCESS, POLICY, STANDARD OR OTHER EFFORT UNDERTAKEN BY CLINIC, IN THE INTEREST OF PUBLIC SAFETY (WHETHER REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE REGULATIONS OR NOT), IS NOT AN INDICIA OF AN EMPLOYMENT, ACTUAL AGENCY, APPARENT AGENCY, OR OSTENSIBLE AGENCY RELATIONSHIP WITH AN INDEPENDENT THIRD PARTY PROVIDER.

**3.1.    License.** Subject to your compliance with these Terms, Clinic grants you a limited, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, revocable, non-transferable license to: (i) access and use the Applications on your personal device solely in connection with your use of the Services; and (ii) access and use any content, information and related materials that may be made available through the Services, in each case solely for your personal, noncommercial use. Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved by Clinic and Clinic's licensors.

**3.2.    Restrictions.** You may not: (i) remove any copyright, trademark or other proprietary notices from any portion of the Services; (ii) reproduce, modify, prepare derivative works based upon, distribute, license, lease, sell, resell, transfer, publicly display, publicly perform, transmit, stream, broadcast or otherwise exploit the Services except as expressly permitted by Clinic; (iii) decompile, reverse engineer or disassemble the Services except as may be permitted by applicable law; (iv) link to, mirror or frame any portion of the Services; (v) cause or launch any programs or scripts for the purpose of unduly burdening or hindering the operation and/or functionality of any aspect of the Services; or (vi) attempt to gain unauthorized access to or impair any aspect of the Services or its related systems or networks.

**3.3.    Third Party Services and Content.** The Services may be made available or accessed in connection with third party services and content (including advertising) that Clinic does not control. Once you click on a link to third party services or content, you will be subject to the terms and conditions and privacy policy of that website, destination, or third party service provider. Clinic will not warn you that you have left the Services or that you are subject to the terms and conditions (including privacy policies) of another website, destination, or third party service provider. You use all links in third party websites and advertisements at your own risk as these are not part of the Services and are not controlled by Clinic. You acknowledge that different terms of use and privacy policies may apply to your use of such third party services and content. Clinic does not endorse such third party services and content and in no event shall Clinic be responsible or liable for any products or services of such third party providers.

**3.4.    Ownership.** The Services and all rights therein are and shall remain Clinic's property or the property of Clinic's licensors. Neither these Terms nor your use of the Services convey or grant to you any rights in or related to the Services except for the limited license granted above.

You agree that you will not use Clinic’s trademarks, service marks, or trade dress or any similar names, marks, or trade dress (“_Clinic’s Marks_”), aside from use incidental to your use of the Services, without express, written permission from Clinic. This prohibition on using Clinic’s Marks includes, but is not limited to, use in domain names, websites, and social media accounts.

### 4.    Access and Use of the Services

**4.1.    User Accounts.** In order to use most aspects of the Services, you must register for and maintain an active personal user Services account ("_Account_"). You must be at least 18 years of age, to obtain an Account. You cannot register for or maintain an Account if you have previously been banned from accessing or using the Platform. Account registration requires you to submit to Clinic certain personal information, such as your name, email address, physical address, mobile phone number and age, as well as at least one valid payment method supported by Clinic. For more information regarding Clinic’s use of your personal information, please see our Privacy Policy. You agree to maintain accurate, complete, and up-to-date information in your Account, including a valid phone number, email address, physical address and payment method. Your failure to comply with these Terms (including policies and supplemental terms) including, without limitation, your failure to maintain accurate, complete, and up-to-date Account information, including having an invalid or expired payment method on file, may result in your inability to access or use the Services. You are responsible for all activity that occurs under your Account, and you agree to maintain the security and secrecy of your Account username and password at all times. Unless otherwise permitted by Clinic in writing, you may only possess one Account.

**4.2.    User Requirements and Conduct.** You agree to abide by the Clinic Community Guidelines. Failure to comply with the Community Guidelines or any violation of these terms may result in the permanent loss of access to the Services.

The Services are not available for use by persons under the age of 18 or persons residing outside of the United States. You may not authorize third parties to use your Account, and you may not allow persons under the age of 18 to receive medical, pharmacy or health related services from Third Party Providers. You may not assign or otherwise transfer your Account to any other person or entity. You agree to comply with all applicable laws when accessing or using the Services, and you may only access or use the Services for lawful purposes . 
In certain instances you may be asked to provide proof of age, identity or other method of identity verification to access or use the Services, and you agree that you may be denied access to or use of the Services if you refuse to provide proof of age, identity or other method of identity verification.

**4.3.    Text Messaging and Telephone Calls.** You agree that Clinic, and its subsidiaries, representatives, affiliates, officers and directors, may contact you by telephone or text messages (including by an automatic telephone dialing system and/or with an artificial or pre-recorded voice) at any of the phone numbers provided by you or on your behalf in connection with an Clinic account, including for marketing purposes. See Clinic’s [Communications Policy](https://github.com/Pharmr/legal/blob/main/communications-policy.md) for more information. If you do not choose to opt out, Clinic may contact you as outlined in its [Privacy Policy](https://github.com/Pharmr/legal/blob/main/privacy-policy.md).

You agree that Clinic may contact you using any of the phone numbers you provided in connection with an Clinic account (including via text or voice-recorded message) or your email address in the case of suspected fraud or unlawful activity.

**4.4.    User Provided Content.** Clinic may, in Clinic's sole discretion, permit you from time to time to submit, upload, publish or otherwise make available to Clinic through the Platform textual, audio, and/or visual content and information, and submission of entries for competitions and promotions ("_User Content_"). Any User Content provided by you remains your property. However, by providing User Content to Clinic, you grant Clinic a worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, transferable, royalty-free license, with the right to sublicense, to use, copy, modify, create derivative works of, distribute, publicly display, publicly perform, and otherwise exploit in any manner such User Content in all formats and distribution channels now known or hereafter devised (including in connection with the Services and Clinic's business and on third party sites and services), without further notice to or consent from you, and without the requirement of payment to you or any other person or entity.

You represent and warrant that: (i) you either are the sole and exclusive owner of all User Content or you have all rights, licenses, consents and releases necessary to grant Clinic the license to the User Content as set forth above; and (ii) neither the User Content, nor your submission, uploading, publishing or otherwise making available of such User Content, nor Clinic's use of the User Content as permitted herein will infringe, misappropriate or violate a third party's intellectual property or proprietary rights, or rights of publicity or privacy, or result in the violation of any applicable law or regulation.

You agree to not provide User Content that is defamatory, libelous, hateful, violent, obscene, pornographic, unlawful, or otherwise offensive, as determined by Clinic in its sole discretion, whether or not such material may be protected by law. Clinic may, but shall not be obligated to, review, monitor, and remove User Content, at Clinic's sole discretion and at any time and for any reason, without notice to you.

**4.5.    User Feedback.** As Clinic respects your rights to your ideas, please do not submit any confidential ideas, information, or suggestions in any form to Clinic or any of its affiliates. For any ideas, information, or suggestions you do submit, regardless of what your communication regarding your submissions says, you understand that your submissions are voluntary and the following terms shall apply to your submissions: (i) your submissions and their contents will automatically become the property of Clinic, without any compensation to you; (ii) Clinic has no obligation to review your submissions; (iii) Clinic may implement and distribute any portion of your submissions and their contents for any purpose in any way, without any compensation to you; and (iv) Clinic has no obligation to keep your submissions confidential.

**4.6.    Network Access and Devices.** You are responsible for obtaining the data network access necessary to use the Services. Your mobile network's data and messaging rates and fees may apply if you access or use the Services from your device. You are responsible for acquiring and updating compatible hardware or devices necessary to access and use the Services and Applications and any updates thereto. Clinic does not guarantee that the Services, or any portion thereof, will function on any particular hardware or devices. In addition, the Services may be subject to malfunctions and delays inherent in the use of the Internet and electronic communications.

### 5.    Payment, Charges, Fees.

You understand that use of the Platform and Services may result in charges to you for the services or goods you receive ("_Charges_"). Clinic will enable your payment of the applicable Charges for services or goods obtained through your use of the Platform and Services. Charges will include applicable taxes where required by law. Charges may include other applicable fees. 

All Charges and payments will be enabled by Clinic using the preferred payment method designated in your Account, after which you will receive a receipt. If your primary Account payment method is determined to be expired, invalid or otherwise not able to be charged, you agree that Clinic may use a secondary payment method in your Account, if available. Charges paid by you are final and non-refundable, unless otherwise determined by Clinic.

As between you and Clinic, Clinic reserves the right to establish or adjust Charges for any or all services or goods obtained through the use of the Platform and Services at any time. Clinic will use reasonable efforts to inform you of Charges that may apply, provided that you will be responsible for Charges incurred under your Account regardless of your awareness of such Charges or the amounts thereof. Certain users may from time to time receive promotional offers and discounts that may result in different amounts charged for the same or similar services or goods obtained through the use of the Platform and Services, and you agree that such promotional offers and discounts, unless also made available to you, shall have no bearing on your use of the Platform and Services or the Charges applied to you. Promotional offers and discounts are subject to change or withdrawal at any time and without notice. You cannot cancel your request for Services once you submit your request through the Platform.

With respect to Third Party Providers, Charges you incur will be owed directly to Third Party Providers, and Clinic will collect payment of those charges from you, on the Third Party Provider’s behalf as their limited payment collection agent, and payment of the Charges shall be considered the same as payment made directly by you to the Third Party Provider. Clinic will consider in good faith any request from a Third Party Provider to modify the Charges for a particular service or good. There also may be certain Charges you incur that will be owed and paid directly to Clinic or its affiliates. For the avoidance of doubt, Clinic does not charge a fee for a user to access the Platform, but retains the right to charge users a fee or any other Charge for accessing Services made available through the Platform. 

**5.1.    Clinic Fees.**

&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 5.1.1.    **Application fee.** An application fee of $1.00 is assessed upon a user submission request for the initiation of new Services to the Third Party Provider. This fee is retained by Clinic and is used to offset medical database inquiries to ascertain your background, including prescription drug history. This fee is assessed whether you are accepted onto the Telemedicine Service or not. 

&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 5.1.2.    **Drugstore fee.** A fee of $1.50 is assessed per approved prescription request when initiated through Clinic’s platform. Unapproved drug requests will not incur this fee. The drugstore fee supports Clinic’s electronic prescribing infrastructure including third party support services & fraud monitoring. 

&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp; 5.1.3.    **Services Subscription Fee.** As a condition of using Services, the Third Party Provider may require you to pay a recurring monthly subscription fee for Services. This subscription fee is set by the Third Party Provider as described in the Medical Service Agreement. By requesting Services, you authorize and instruct Clinic to automatically charge the fees for Services on a recurring basis until you cancel your use of Services.  

**5.2.    Credit Card Authorization.** Upon addition of a new payment method or for each request, Clinic may seek authorization of your selected payment method to verify the payment method, ensure the cost of services or goods will be covered, and protect against unauthorized behavior. The authorization is not a charge, however, it may reduce your available credit by the authorization amount until your bank’s next processing cycle. Should the amount of our authorization exceed the total funds on deposit in your account, you may be subject to overdraft of NSF charges by the bank issuing your debit or prepaid card. We cannot be held responsible for these charges and are unable to assist you in recovering them from your issuing bank. 

**5.3.    Corrections to Charges.** If you think a correction should be made to any Charge you incurred, you must let Clinic know in writing within 30 days after the Charge took place or Clinic will have no further responsibility and you waive your right to later dispute the amounts charged.

### 6. Disclaimers; Limitation of Liability; Indemnity.

**6.1 DISCLAIMER.** THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE." CLINIC DISCLAIMS ALL REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, NOT EXPRESSLY SET OUT IN THESE TERMS, INCLUDING THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN ADDITION, CLINIC MAKES NO REPRESENTATION, WARRANTY, OR GUARANTEE REGARDING THE RELIABILITY, TIMELINESS, QUALITY, SUITABILITY, OR AVAILABILITY OF THE SERVICES OR ANY SERVICES OR GOODS REQUESTED THROUGH THE USE OF THE SERVICES, OR THAT THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE.

CLINIC DOES NOT GUARANTEE THE QUALITY, SUITABILITY, SAFETY OR ABILITY OF THIRD PARTY PROVIDERS. YOU AGREE THAT THE ENTIRE RISK ARISING OUT OF YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES, AND ANY SERVICE OR GOOD REQUESTED IN CONNECTION THEREWITH, REMAINS SOLELY WITH YOU, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.

CLINIC DOES NOT CONTROL, MANAGE OR DIRECT ANY THIRD PARTY PROVIDERS INCLUDING PHYSICIANS, PHYSICIAN PRACTICES, AND PHARMACIES. THIRD PARTY PROVIDERS ARE NOT ACTUAL AGENTS, APPARENT AGENTS, OSTENSIBLE AGENTS, OR EMPLOYEES OF CLINIC.

CLINIC DOES NOT CONTROL, ENDORSE OR TAKE RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY USER CONTENT OR THIRD PARTY CONTENT AVAILABLE ON OR LINKED TO BY THE SERVICES. CLINIC CANNOT AND DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THE SERVICES OR SERVERS ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.

**6.2.    LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.** CLINIC SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOST PROFITS, LOST DATA, OR PERSONAL INJURY, RELATED TO, IN CONNECTION WITH, OR OTHERWISE RESULTING FROM ANY USE OF THE SERVICES, REGARDLESS OF THE NEGLIGENCE (EITHER ACTIVE, AFFIRMATIVE, SOLE, OR CONCURRENT) OF CLINIC, EVEN IF CLINIC HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

CLINIC SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES, LIABILITY OR LOSSES ARISING OUT OF: (i) YOUR USE OF OR RELIANCE ON THE SERVICES OR YOUR INABILITY TO ACCESS OR USE THE SERVICES; OR (ii) ANY TRANSACTION OR RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN YOU AND ANY THIRD PARTY PROVIDER, EVEN IF CLINIC HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. CLINIC SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR DELAY OR FAILURE IN PERFORMANCE RESULTING FROM CAUSES BEYOND CLINIC’S REASONABLE CONTROL. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THIRD PARTY PROVIDERS PROVIDING MEDICAL  SERVICES REQUESTED THROUGH SOME CLINIC SERVICES MAY OFFER MEDICAL  SERVICES AND MAY NOT BE PROFESSIONALLY LICENSED CERTIFIED OR PERMITTED. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THIRD PARTY PROVIDERS ARE NOT OSTENSIBLE AGENTS, APPARENT AGENTS, ACTUAL AGENTS, OR EMPLOYEES OF CLINIC.

THE SERVICES MAY BE USED BY YOU TO REQUEST AND RECEIVE  PRESCRIPTIONS , GOODS, OR OTHER MEDICAL SERVICES WITH THIRD PARTY PROVIDERS, BUT YOU AGREE THAT CLINIC HAS NO RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY TO YOU RELATED TO ANY HEALTHCARE, MEDICAL SERVICES OR PHARMACY SERVICES PROVIDED TO YOU BY THIRD PARTY PROVIDERS OTHER THAN AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THESE TERMS.

THE LIMITATIONS AND DISCLAIMERS IN THIS SECTION DO NOT PURPORT TO LIMIT LIABILITY OR ALTER YOUR RIGHTS AS A CONSUMER THAT CANNOT BE EXCLUDED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW. BECAUSE SOME STATES OR JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF OR THE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, IN SUCH STATES OR JURISDICTIONS, CLINIC’S LIABILITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW. THIS PROVISION SHALL HAVE NO EFFECT ON CLINIC’S CHOICE OF LAW PROVISION SET FORTH BELOW.

**6.3.    Indemnity.** You agree to indemnify and hold Clinic and its affiliates and their officers, directors, employees, and agents harmless from and against any and all actions, claims, demands, losses, liabilities, costs, damages, and expenses (including attorneys' fees), arising out of or in connection with: (i) your use of the Services or services or goods obtained through your use of the Services; (ii) your breach or violation of any of these Terms; (iii) Clinic's use of your User Content; or (iv) your violation of the rights of any third party, including Third Party Providers.

### 7.    Other Provisions

**7.1.    Choice of Law.** These Terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, U.S.A., without regard to the choice or conflict of law principles of any jurisdiction, except as may be otherwise provided in the Arbitration Agreement in Section 2 above or in supplemental terms applicable to your region. This Choice of Law provision applies only to the interpretation of these Terms and is not intended to create any other substantive right to non-Delawareans to assert claims under Delaware law or bring claims in Delaware courts whether that be by statute, common law, or otherwise. These provisions, and except as otherwise provided in Section 2 of these Terms, are only intended to specify the use of Delaware law to interpret these Terms, and these provisions shall not be interpreted as generally extending Delaware law to you if you do not otherwise reside in Delaware.

Any dispute, claim, or controversy arising out of or relating to incidents or accidents resulting in personal injury (including but not limited to sexual assault or harassment claims) that you allege occurred in connection with your use of the Services, whether before or after the date you agreed to the Terms, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state in which the incident or accident occurred.

**7.2.    Choice of Forum.** Any dispute, claim or controversy arising out of or relating to these Terms or the existence, breach, termination, enforcement, interpretation or validity thereof, shall be brought exclusively in the state and federal courts of Delaware, notwithstanding that other courts may have jurisdiction over the parties and subject matter, except as may be otherwise provided by the Arbitration Agreement above or in supplemental terms applicable to your region.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, any dispute, claim, or controversy arising out of or relating to incidents or accidents resulting in personal injury (including but not limited to sexual assault or harassment claims) that you allege occurred in connection with your use of the Services, whether before or after the date you agreed to the Terms, shall be brought exclusively in the state and federal courts in the State in which the incident or accident occurred, notwithstanding that other courts may have jurisdiction over the parties and subject matter, and except as may be otherwise provided in the Arbitration Agreement above or in supplemental terms applicable to your region, to the extent permitted by law.

The foregoing Choice of Law and Choice of Forum provisions do not apply to the Arbitration Agreement in Section 2, and we refer you to Section 2 for the applicable provisions for such disputes.

**7.3.    Claims of Copyright Infringement.** Claims of copyright infringement should be sent to Clinic's designated agent: Meters Per Second Inc. ATTN Legal Department, 276 Fifth Ave STE 704, New York NY 10001.

Clinic may give notice by means of a general notice on or through the Services, electronic mail to the email address associated with your Account, telephone or text message to any phone number provided in connection with your account, or by written communication sent by first class mail or pre-paid post to any address connected with your Account. Such notice shall be deemed to have been given upon the expiration of 48 hours after mailing or posting (if sent by first class mail or pre-paid post) or at the time of sending (if sent by email, telephone, or on or through the Services). You may give notice to Clinic, with such notice deemed given when received by Clinic, at any time by first class mail or pre-paid post to our registered agent for service of process, c/o Meters Per Second Inc. The name and current contact information for the registered agent in each state are available online at https://www.wolterskluwer.com/en/solutions/ct-corporation/sop-locations. If another provision of these Terms addresses any specific notice (for example, notice of updates to these Terms, or notice of a dispute or arbitration demand), those specific notice provisions shall prevail to the extent there is any conflict or inconsistency between those provisions and this notice provision.

**7.4.    General.** You may not assign these Terms without Clinic's prior written approval. Clinic may assign these Terms without your consent to: (i) a subsidiary or affiliate; (ii) an acquirer of Clinic's equity, business or assets; or (iii) a successor by merger. Any purported assignment by you in violation of this section shall be void. No joint venture, partnership, employment, or agency relationship exists between you, Clinic or any Third Party Provider as a result of this Agreement or use of the Services. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be struck and the remaining provisions shall be enforced to the fullest extent under law. Clinic's failure to enforce any right or provision in these Terms shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision unless acknowledged and agreed to by Clinic in writing. This provision shall not affect the Severability and Survivability section of the Arbitration Agreement of these Terms.
